
Bank of Maharashtra - Home Loan with Lowest Interest Rates
Home
About Us
Locate Us
Careers
Contact Us
⚲
Skip to Content
English
हिन्दी
मराठी
Menu
Personal
Deposits
Loans
Digital Banking
Govt. Schemes
Savings Deposit
Current Deposits
Term Deposits
Recurring Deposits
Capital Gain Account
Facility For Online Nomination
Global Edge Savings Account
Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme
Maha Super Flexi Housing Loan Scheme
Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana - Urban 2.0
Maha Super Car loan Scheme
Mahabank Vehicle Loan Scheme: For purchasing two wheelers loans
Mahabank Vehicle Loan Scheme for Purchase of Second Hand Car
TopUp Loan for Home loan borrowers
Education Loan Scheme
Maha Gold Loan Scheme
Mahabank Personal Loan Scheme
Salary Gain Scheme
Loan Against Property
Maha Adhaar Loan
Mahabank Green Financing Scheme
Mahabank Rooftop Solar Panel Loan Scheme
Loan Against Deposit
Internet Banking
Mahamobile Plus
Maha UPI
e-SBTR
Personal Digital Banking
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
Bank of Maharashtra SBI Credit Cards
E-gadgets
Digital Signage System
Bharat Bill Payment Service
BHIM Aadhar Pay
NETC-FASTag
WhatsApp Banking
Debit Card E-mandate
Digital Applications Detail
Digital Banking Unit
PMJDY
PMJJBY
PMSBY
Sovereign Gold Bond Scheme
PPF Scheme
National Pension System
Atal Pension Yojana
Sukanya Samriddhi Yojana
Floating Rate Savings Bonds
NPS Vatsalya
Corporate
Corporate Banking
Loans for MSME
Treasury
FAQs
Working Capital
Term Finance
Project Finance
Infrastructure Finance
Line of Credit
Export Finance
Bill Finance
Mahabank Commercial Lease Rental Discounting Scheme
Takeover of Accounts
Non Fund Based Services
Loans for MSME
Treasury
FAQ For Commercial Loan
MSME
Bank's MSME Schematic Loans
Government Schemes for MSME
Covid-19 Related Products & FAQs
General MSME Credit Facilities
Co-Lending (Digital Lending)
Other Information
Maha Swagatam Scheme
Incentives to Zero Defect Zero Effect (ZED) Certified MSMEs
Mahabank GST Credit Scheme
Mahabank Scheme for units engaged in Hospitality
Mahabank Scheme for Contractors
Mahabank Vehicle Loan Scheme For Small Road Transport Operator
Maha MSME Project Loan Scheme
Maha MSME Machinery/Equipment Scheme
TReDS
Standby Line of Credit
Maha LAP - Mortgage Loan
Mahabank Loan Scheme For Doctors
Mahabank Professional Loan Scheme MPLS
Mahabank Textile Cluster Scheme
Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana
Stand-Up India
PM SVANidhi Scheme
Pradhan Mantri Employment Generation Program
NULM, NRLM and MRSETIs
Mutual Credit Guarantee Scheme for MSMEs
PM Vishwakarma
Chief Minister Employment Generation Programme (CMEGP)
Mahabank Finance to Solar Vendor
Guaranteed Emergency Credit Line
Credit Guarantee Scheme for Subordinate Debt
Loan Guarantee Scheme For Covid Affected Sectors(LGSCAS)
Loan Guarantee Scheme For Covid Affected Tourism Service Sector(LGSCATSS)
Credit Facilities to Entrepreneurs
Collateral free Term Loan facility
Collateral free Cash Credit facility
Regular Cash Credit facility
M/S Loan Tap Credit Products Private Limited
M/S MAS Financial Services Limited
M/S Lendingkart Finance Limited
M/s Capri Global Capital Ltd (CGCL)
M/s Muthoot Fincorp Ltd (MFL)
Restructuring of MSME advances
PSB59mins
Tie up arrangement with Fintech Company
MSME Disclosure on msme Accounts
Compromise/OTS Scheme for NPA in MSME Sector
Scheme highlights
Incentives highlights
Agriculture
Agriculture Loans
Mahabank Kisan Credit Card (MKCC)
Mahabank Kisan All Purpose Term Loan
Mahabank Gold Loan Scheme - Agriculture
Scheme for construction of farmhouse to Agriculturists
Scheme for financing farmers for Purchase of Vehicles (Two / Three Wheelers)
Scheme for financing farmers for Purchase of Vehicles (Four Wheelers)
Scheme for Financing against Warehouse Receipts to farmers
Scheme for Financing Farmers for Purchase of Land by Small and Marginal Farmers
Financing for Setting Up of Agri-Clinics and Agri-Business Centers for Agriculture Graduates
Horticulture / Plantation Activities
Animal Husbandry
Farm Mechanization
Minor Irrigation
Hi-tech Projects
Financing to Self Help Groups
Mahabank Kisan Credit Card(MKCC) to Animal Husbandry Farmers and Fisheries
Mahabank Kisan Tatkal Scheme
Scheme for Estate Purchase Loans
Financing Solar Energy Based Pumpset Loans
Financing Solar Water Heaters
Financing Solar Home Lighting Scheme
Maha Krishi Samrudhi Yojana
Mahabank Kisan Corner
Maha Agri-machinery Rental Scheme (Mars)
Rural Self Employment Training Institute (Rseti)
Agriculture Infrastructure Fund(AIF)
Pradhan Mantri Formalisation of Micro Food Processing Enterprises Scheme
Animal Husbandry Infrastructure Development Fund
NRI Services
Nri Services
NRI Overview
NRI products
Forms and Formats
NRI Account Rates
Remittances
Forex Centres
Correspondent Banks
Digital Banking
Value Added Services
External Links
NRI FAQs
Treasury
Treasury
Products Offered
Forex
Forex Centres
Nostro Accounts
IBU GIFT
LOG-IN
Important Links/Sites
Online Applications
Rupay Debit Card Offers
Reserve Bank of India
PSB Loans in 59 Minutes
Information Security
CVC Pledge
MSME Specialized Branches
MahabankCares@COVID-19
Udyam Registration Portal
SCORES
Form 16 Download for Pensioners
TPA Portal
Online Digitization Forms
Gold Appraiser Login
Close
Home
About Us
Locate Us
Careers
Contact Us
Internet Banking
Personal
Corporate
MSME
Agriculture
NRI Services
Treasury
IBU GIFT
Important Links/Sites
Back
Online Applications
Rupay Debit Card Offers
Reserve Bank of India
PSB Loans in 59 Minutes
Information Security
CVC Pledge
MSME Specialized Branches
MahabankCares@COVID-19
Udyam Registration Portal
SCORES
Form 16 Download for Pensioners
Accessibility Menu
✖
Contrast
Higligted Links
Text-size
Pause Animation
Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme
Home
Personal Banking
Loans
Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme
Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme
Embarking on the journey to homeownership is an exciting endeavour, and Bank of Maharashtra understands that every homeowner's journey is special. Explore the diverse range of home loan products tailored to suit different needs, from first-time buyers to those looking to refinance or renovation. With customised home loan products, competitive interest rates and a commitment to transparency, Mahabank stands as a reliable partner in turning your homeownership dreams into reality.
Choose Bank of Maharashtra and step confidently into a future filled with joy of owning your dream home!
Interest Rate
7.35
%P.A*
Get a Call Back
Apply Online
Maha Super Housing Loan Types
1.
Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme for Construction/Acquiring
Know More...
2.
Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme for Purchase of Plot and Construction thereon
Know More...
3.
Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme for repairs/ renovation/alteration of existing house/flat
Know More...
Features & Benefits
Documents Required
Interest Rates
EMI Calculator
Check Eligibility
FAQs
How to Apply
Features & Benefits
Features and benefits of Home Loan
Low EMI
Higher Loan Amount
Track my Loan
Approved Projects
Simplified Disbursement
No Processing Fee
No Hidden Charges
No Prepayment Penalty
0.05% concession to women and defence personal.
Maximum Tenure up to 30 Years / up to 75 years of age.
No Pre-Payment / Pre-closure / Part payment Charges.
Concession in ROI for Housing Loan borrower in Car Loan & Education Loan.
Bank of Maharashtra Offers Lowest Interest Rate on Home Loan in India
Documents Required
Documents required for Home Loan
Application form duly complete and signed.
Two Passport Size Photographs.
Proof of Identification : (any one)
Election ID Card
Pan Card
Aadhar Card
Driving License
Photo Identity card issued by the current Employer
Passport
Proof of Residence : (any one)
Electricity Bill
Election ID Card
Telephone Bill (Landline)
Aadhar Card
Driving License
Photo Identity card issued by the current Employer
Passport
For Salaried Persons
Original/Certified copy of the latest salary slips for the past 3 months
Copies of IT returns of last 2 years duly acknowledged by IT Dept/IT assessment orders or Form 16 for last 2 years from the Employer.
Undertaking from employer for remittance of monthly installment, wherever feasible.
Bank Account (Salaried Account) statement for the last 6 months (in case of other Bank)
For Non-Salaried Class /Businessman /Professional
Latest 3 years of IT returns (2 years in case of Professionals) including computation of income, profit and Loss Account, Balance sheet, Audit Report etc.
Shop Establishment Act
Tax Registration Copy
Company Registration License
Bank statement for past one year
Guarantor forms along with net worth proof /income proof (if applicable)
Guarantor's IT return along with KYC documents as mentioned in point 3 & 4
In case of Takeover(Refinance):
Loan Outstanding statement as on date
Loan account statement for last 12 months
Documents Acknowledgement Receipt from Bank
Property Documents:
Receipts for payments made for purchase of the residential unit
Copy of approved drawings of proposed construction/purchase
Permission from competent authority for construction of flat/house
Permission from competent authority under Urban Land ceiling & Regulation Act 1976
Agreement of Sale/Sale Deed/Detailed cost estimate from Regd.Architect/Engineer for the property to be constructed.
Allotment letter from the Builder/Co-operative Society/Development Authorities/Association of apartment owners etc.
Other documents depending upon:
Property to be purchased directly from Builder (Ready/Under-construction)
Property belonging to a Registered Co-operative Housing Society
Purchase in resale.
Direct sale by any Development authority
Construction of house on separate plot of land.
Additional Documents for NRIs
Copy of employment Contract (if the contract is in any language other than English, the same has to be translated into English and attested by Employer /Indian Embassy)
Copy of Identity Card issued by the current Employer
Continuous Discharge certificate, if applicable
Copy of latest work permit
Copy of Visa stamped on the passport
NRE Bank account passbook or statement of account
Overseas Bank account statements for last 6 months in which salary is credited
A Salary certificate/income statement duly attested by out foreign office including subsidiary office/certified by the competent authority available in the country may be produced. This may also include Chartered /Certified Accountants, Officials of Inland Revenue dept.(similar to Income Tax Authorities in India) or any other agency specified for the purpose. Where ever attestation is not possible, this may be submitted duly notarized.
Additional Documents for PIOs
A photocopy of PIO card or any of the under noted documents:-
Current Passport indicating birth place of India/Abroad
Indian Passport, if held earlier
Parents or grandparents passport with details there in substantiating his claim of being PIO.
Interest Rates
Home Loan Interest Rates
Bank of Maharashtra helps you buy your dream home with low EMIs. The
EMI Calculator
on the website works this out for you. Check your eligibility, upload your documents and obtain instant in-principle sanction.
Housing Loan Interest Rate
7.35
%P.A*
Fore more Interest Rates & Charges
Click here
EMI Calculator
Home Loan EMI Calculator
Principal Loan Amount
*
:
Interest Rate ( % p.a )
*
:
Loan Term (Years)
*
:
SHOW EMI
Check Eligibility
Home Loan Eligibility
How will Bank of Maharashtra decide the home loan amount i am eligible for?
Maximum loan amount will be lowest of loan amount assessed on the basis of Permissible Deduction norms, Maximum permissible LTV ratio, Loan amount requested.
FAQs
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
What is a Home loan and how does it work?
Home loans are availed for
Construction/acquiring of new or existing house/flat and extension of existing house/flat.
Home loan to purchase new flat
Home extension loan
Purchase of plot and construction there on.
For Repairs /renovation/alternation of existing house/flat for new standalone borrowers.
A Bank of Maharashtra home loan provides numerous benefits such as facility to apply online, quick loan processing, attractive interest rates, customized repayment options and simple & hassle-free documentation.
What are the features of Home loan?
The features of Maha Super Housing Loan are as below:
0.05% concession to women and defence personal.
Maximum tenure up to 30 years/up to 75 years of age.
No Pre-payment/Pre-closure/Part payment charges.
Concession in ROI for Housing Loan borrower in Car Loan and Education loan.
Bank of Maharashtra Offers Lowest Interest Rate on Home Loan in India
How will Bank of Maharashtra decide the home loan amount i am eligible for?
Maximum loan amount will be lowest of loan amount assessed on the basis of Permissible Deduction norms, Maximum permissible LTV ratio, Loan amount requested.
When does my home loan EMIs start?
EMI's begins from the month subsequent to the month in which disbursement of the loan is done. For loans for under-construction properties EMI usually begins after the complete home loan is disbursed but customers can choose to begin their emi's as soon as they avail their first disbursement and their emi's will increase proportionately with every subsequent disbursement. For resale cases, since the whole loan amount is disbursed in one go, emi on the whole loan amount start from the subsequent to the month of disbursement
Can home loan be transferred from one bank to another?
Yes, it is possible to transfer a home loan in India, from one Bank to another under certain circumstances.
Home loan transfer typically refers to the process of transferring an existing home loan from one bank or financial institution to another.
This is done to take advantage of better interest rates, lower fees or improved loan terms offered by the new lender
What is floating interest rate?
A floating interest rate sometimes known as variable interest rate, is an interest rate that varies over time according to changes in a reference rate or index.
It's often used in financial products like mortgages, home loans and other investments.
What is the EMI for 50 lakhs home loan?
For calculating the EMI (Equated Monthly Installment) for a home loan in India, we must also consider the loan amount, interest rate and loan period. To get accurate EMI estimate, visit the website of Bank of Maharashtra & calculate the precise EMI cost using home loan EMI calculator.
The approximate EMI for a 50 lakhs home loan with an interest rate of 7.35% per annum and 15 year tenure would be around ₹45925
What are the different type of home loan available?
Depending upon the needs and requirements of customers, there are different types of home loans available in India.
Some of the popular types of home loans includes,
Plot Purchase & Construction thereon Loans
Home/Flat Purchase Loans
Loans for repair/renovation of existing homes
Home Extension Loan
NRI Home Loans
Bank of Maharashtra provides varieties of home loans under Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme.
Which factor affect home loan eligibility?
Some of the factors that affect home loan eligibility in India are:
Income
Credit Score
Employment Stability
Age
Existing Debt Obligations
Down Payment
Property Value and Location
Loan Tenure
Can home loan be taken jointly?
Yes, it is possible to obtain a home loan in India jointlyalong with close relatives.
Joint home loans are common which offer various benefits to customers. When two or more people apply for a home loan together, they are sharing the obligation as well as eligible for higher loan amount.
How to get a home loan with ease?
Obtaining a home loan in India is an important financial decision. While the procedure may require some documentation and effort, there are several steps you can do to improve your possibilities of getting approved for a home loan.
Check if you're eligible
Maintain good credit score
Choose the right loan type
Organize your documents
How to check home loan eligibility?
To check home loan eligibility in India, you need to consider the following criteria:
Consider your income and financial stability
Determine your credit score
Figure out your repayment ability
Make use of online eligibility calculators
Who can be a co-applicant?
A co-applicant can be any person who shares the financial obligation and accountability of the loan with the primary applicant while applying for a home loan in India.
The co-applicant will be considered as an equal borrower and equally accountable for loan repayment.
It can be the primary applicant's spouse, parents, children, siblings or other close family relatives who have a stable source of income
When does my loan repayment period begin?
The repayment period for a home loan typically begins after the loan has been disbursed to you and/or the property purchasetransaction has been completed. This means that once you have received the funds and the ownership of the home has been transferred to you, your repayment obligations will start.
The specific start date of your home loan repayment period should be outlined in the loan agreement you signed with the lender. It's important to review your loan agreement to understand the terms and conditions, including the repayment start date, repayment schedule, interest rate, and any other relevant details pertaining to your specific loan.
For what purpose Can I take top up home loan ?
Top-Loan on your home loan can be availed for various purposes such as repairs and renovations and other expenses such as weddings, education etc.
What is the interest rate of top up loan in BoM?
ROI on Top -up loans for repair and renovation as well as for any other purpose will be 20bps higher than that applicable on the Maha Super Housing Loan Scheme (currently).
What are the benefits of home top up loan ?
The benefits of a Home Top-Up Loan include access to additional funds for various purposes such as repairs and renovation, marriage and other related expenses at lower interest rates compared to personal loans. Additionally, the repayment tenure on Top-Up loans is higher than that of personal loans.
How many times we can get top up home loan?
There is no limit on the number of times you can avail of a Top-up loan on your home loan depending on fulfilling other terms and conditions as per the Top-Up Loan. However, only one top-up loan can be active at any given point in time.
What is eligibility for home loan in Bank of Maharashtra?
For Resident Indians: Individual salaried employees (with a permanent job for a period of minimum 1-year continuous service) of State/ Central Government/ Public/ Private Sector Companies of repute, Self-Employed Professionals, and Businessmen.
Non-resident Indians (NRIs) holding Indian Passport, Persons of Indian Origin (PICOs), and Overseas Citizens of India (OCI) are treated as NRIs: Salaried applicants/ co-applicant/s (whose income can be considered for eligibility), should have a regular job abroad in a reputed Indian/ Foreign Company, Organization or Government Department having a valid job contract/work permit for the minimum past 2 years.
How can we apply for home loan?
To apply for a Home Loan, one can either visit the nearest branch and complete all the required formalities or apply online through Bank of Maharashtra's website: bankofmaharashtra.in
How much time does it take to sanction home loan?
On average, loans are disbursed within 3-10 days after satisfactory completion of documentation and all the required procedures.
What is home loan interest rate at bank of maharashtra?
Interest rates for Home Loans depend on a variety of factors such as Credit Score, amount of loan, profession etc. For more information on Interest rates on Home loans click on
www.bankofmaharashtra.in
How to get home loan for construction of house?
To apply for a Home loan, you can apply online through our website (bankofmaharashtra.in ) or can visit the nearest branch and complete all the required formalities.
what is the interest rate for home loan for womens?
Yes, Home loan interest rates are lower for women than those applicable to others. The bank offers a 0.05% concession on home loans to women, subject to certain terms and conditions.
How much percentage interest for BoM home loan for womens?
Interest rates for Home Loans depend on variety of factors such as credit score, amount of loan, profession etc. Additionally, Bank of Maharashtra offers a 0.05% concession on interest for women borrowers.
What is bank of maharashtra home loan processing fee?
The applicable processing fee is 0.25% of the loan amount plus applicable GST.
Note: Processing Fees waiver for the period upto 31.12.2025
who can be co applicant for home loan?
All co-owners of the property need to be co-applicants to the home loan. Generally, co-applicants are close family members.
How does home loan tenure affect your interest rate?
No, Home loan tenure doesn't affect your interest rates. Interest rates on Bank of Maharashtra home loans are calculated based on the credit score of the applicant/s.
Is it compulsory to take home loan insurance?
While not mandatory, the Bank strongly recommends considering Home Loan insurance. This insurance acts as a safety net, safeguarding your Home Loan in the event of unforeseen circumstances.
Is there any prepayment or foreclosure charges in home loan?
There are no Pre-Payment / Pre-Closure / Part-Payment Charges
What is the maximum tenure on Bank of Maharashtra home laon?
The maximum tenure for Bank of Maharashtra Home Loan is up to 30 years or until the borrower reaches the age of 75 years, whichever is earlier.
How to Apply
How to Apply Home Loan
Scan this Code to see
How to Apply for Digital Loans Online
Follow the step by step instructions to avail digital loan facility from our bank.
Please click on the following link to view
how to apply for Digital Loan Online:
How to Apply for Digital Loans Online
Similar Products
Purchase of New House/Flat
Bank of Maharashtra provide loan for purchase a new house or for purchase a flat.
KNOW MORE
Home Extension Loan
It is a loan to extend or add space to your home such as additional rooms and floors etc.
KNOW MORE
Plot Purchase Loan
For purchase of a plot through direct allotment or a second sale transaction as well...
KNOW MORE
House Renovation Loans
It is a loan for renovating your home in many ways such as tiling, flooring and painting etc.
KNOW MORE
Internet Banking
Interest Rates
Housing Loan
7.35
% P.A*
Apply Now!
Car Loan
7.70
% P.A*
Apply Now!
Gold Loan
8.30
% P.A*
Apply Now!
Education Loan
7.10
% P.A*
Apply Now!
Deposit Schemes
7.20
% P.A*
Know More
Apply Online
Housing Loan
Apply Now!
e-GST Loan
Apply Now!
Car Loan
Apply Now!
Gold Loan
Apply Now!
Personal Loan
Apply Now!
Online SB Account
Open Now!
Downloads
Calculators
Service Charges
Public Information
Gallery
Social Activity
Assets for Sale
Tenders
Disclosure
Basel II Disclosure
Basel III Disclosure
BRSR Disclosures
ESG Disclosures
Compliance
RTI
Replies to RTI Applications
CEPD
Citizen Charter
ABBFF Guidelines
PIDPI
Complaint Handling Mechanism
Independent External monitors (IEMs)
Employee Corner
Reservation Roster
Retired Employee's Corner
Life Certificate Format for Staff Pensioner
HRMS
Financial Inclusion / Pradhamantri Yojana
PMJDY
PMJDY FAQs
Important Links
Is your Bank account KYC compliant?
Bank's wilful Defaulters
Assets in possession under SARFAESI Action
State Wise Holiday
RBI Kehta Hai
Sachet Portal
Calendar 2025
Verify CheckSum value
Blogs
Feedback
Get In Touch
Bank of Maharashtra Head Office
Lokmangal, 1501, Shivajinagar
Pune-411005,
020 - 25514501 to 25514505
Important
Bank of Maharashtra never ask for Bank account details for any purpose through phone call/email/SMS.
Bank appeals to all the customers not to respond to such phone call/email/SMS and not to share their bank account detail with any one for any purpose. Never share your CVV/ PIN No. of Debit/Credit card to anyone.
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Sitemap
Click here to view last visited page
Our Services
SCROLL TO TOP

General Terms & Conditions*
Bank of Maharashtra, India's leading Public Sector Bank offers Deposits,Loans,Digital products for personal Banking, Corporates,MSMEs & NRI Customers
Bank of Maharashtra use cookies to enhance your experience on Bank's website.
Read More...
By using our website, you agree to place these cookies on your device. You can disable/delete these cookies by changing your web browser settings. Bank of Maharashtra is not responsible for cookies placed in the device of user/s by any other website and information collected thereto. Check out our
Cookie/Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
OK